# Files
Starting from the *.../3GCI/* root directory

## Important

- *config.toml*: The hugo configuration file. Text, image links, and more is defined here

- *package.json*: The node configuration file (used by `npm` and `yarn`). Packages needed to be installed, scripts and project information is here.

- *webpack.config.js*: Webpack configuration (used by `yarn run webpack` and other macro commands like `yarn run watch`) Not recommended to be changed. Compiles sass, javascript, and images

## File types
Note: `*` is a wildcard and means anything can go there. For example *\*.jpg* means any jpeg file

- *\*.html*: html is the backbone of the website, provides the overall structure, and loads the other css/javascript.
- *\*.scss*: sass is compiled into css which changes how the site is displayed.
- *\*.js*: javascript adds functionality to the website
- *\*.md*: a mark-up file used by hugo to make content easily

## Special Files

- */themes/GCI/layouts/index.html*: The start of the website. Loads from baseURL (See *config.toml*)
- */themes/GCI/layouts/404.html*: Returned by the server whenever a page is not found. Done automatically by netlify.
- */themes/GCI/scr/scss/all.scss*: Loads all other scss files into one
- */themes/GCI/static/favicon.ico*: The icon in the browser tab
- */themes/GCI/static/_headers*: Used by netlify to know how to cache files 
- */themes/GCI/archetype/blog.md*: this is the default template for all blog posts and can be used with ```yarn run /blog/[title].md``` 

## Advanced

- *webpack.production.config.js*: The production version of the webpack config, see the *Webpack.md* file for more information. (Used by `yarn make`)

- *.travis.yml*: Used the the website https://travis-ci.org to configure testing of the website. See *Testing.md* for more information.

- *hugo-version.json*: Used by the custom hugo package to get version number, see *Hugo.md* for more information.

- *clean.js*: A custom script that deletes all the autogenerated files/folders. (Used by `yarn clean`)



# Files to Ignore

- *yarn.lock*: generated by yarn when installing, npm may generate a similar file.

- *\*.log*: Generally error logs that can be deleted, with `yarn clean`

- *.gitignore*: Which files/directories git doesn't add to version control

- *netlify.toml*: Used by https://www.netlify.com/ to know which version of hugo to install