# Folders

## Important, User Needed

- */content*: Where blog articles are

- */themes/GCI/scr/img/blog*: Where blog images should all be added, for main content, slideshow, or both

- */themes/GCI/scr/img/blog/icons*: Where blog icons should all be added

## Moderately Used, by Developer 

- */themes/GCI/*: Where all the website information is, html, css, javascript, images and more

- */themes/GCI/layouts*: The html files, including the subsections in */partials* which has main page content. */snippets* for short functional content (not `<section>` tag). */blog* for each blog layout and */page* for each sub-page layout.

- */themes/GCI/scr/*: Where all images, scss, and javascript is

- */themes/GCI/scr/scss*: All the scss files are here including the scss needed for the corresponding partials in */partials*

- */themes/GCI/scr/js*: All the front-end custom javascript files needed

- */themes/GCI/scr/img*: Images needed in the site, make sure that every file is named differently here

- */themes/GCI/static*: non-compiled static files, only the favicon for now (Version 0.3.2)

- */themes/GCI/static/created*: Where compiled assets are dumped by webpack, DO NOT EDIT

- */themes/GCI//archetypes*: Contains the files that are called by hugo new. Currently only for blog.

## Ignore

- */public*: Where hugo dumps the compiled site.

- */.git*: Folder needed by git to track changes

- */.idea*: Needed by Webstorm for configuring the IDE 

- */themes/GCI/static/created*: All of the files and folders in here are compiled by webpack so changing anything here is not permanent

- */node_modules*: This folder contains all the packages installed by yarn and shouldn't be touched

- */Documentation*: has no effect on the project, and is only used for reading about it like now

- */resources*: generated by newer versions of hugo for some reason and is always empty. Not sure what it does.  

- */build_scripts* these are scripts that are used only to make/automate parts of the site. They are NEVER served to the end-user.