# Links
Automatically make a new empty link file with `yarn new-link [name]`, DON'T add a file extension of .toml to this command.

Links are stored in the */data/links* folder and work similarly to blogs, but without the content and their own url associated with them. 

Here is roughly what you get in a new .toml file:
```
link = ""
text = ""
weight = [integer, not 0, can be left out]

enable_thumb = true
thumb_img = ""

``` 

Example `netlify.toml`:
```
link = "https://www.netlify.com/"
text = "Welcome to thunderdome"
weight = 3

enable_thumb = true
thumb_img = "netlify_thumbnail"
```

After adding and filling out the file, you can run `yarn upload` to easily add it to git.

## Config details

- link: is of course the link that when clicked on, the website goes to
- text: what the link is displayed as, avoid making the url or just name of the website as this
- weight: the order in which each of the links is presented, lower means higher
- enable_thumb: whether or not the thumbnail is displayed/generated. (true/false). If the generated thumbnail is bad, disable it with this
- thumb_img: name of the thumbnail, doesn't really matter as long as its not the same as another image. Do NOT include a file extension (.jpg, .png, .svg).

## Videos
To add videos to the resources page, go to */content/resources.md* and add the video under the config, using proper markdown. To learn markdown for videos, see the *Blog.md* docs. 

## Advanced

 Thumbnails are automatically generated by a custom script (*./build_scripts/thumb_gen.js*) which is run by the command `yarn thumbs`. This is pre-processing because these images are added to */themes/GCI/scr/img/thumbnails* which is then compressed/processed by webpack like any other image.
 
 All thumbnails are given the file extension .thm so that hugo know which file is a thumbnail. They are still the same type of image, and can be opened normally since most filesystems don't care about extension. If you are trying to view this image in Webstorm, select the patter 'image' when prompted.
 
 The way the generation works is to download an image from the url linked in the .toml file. It sorts all possible images by best candidate to worst and chooses the best. In the case there is no good image to download, the script instead doesn't say 'done'.
 
 If the script isn't run before webpack, webpack will crash because it can't find any thumbnails.
 
 The default template is in the parent folder */data*, called *links_template.toml.ig* and is copied into the correct folder with the file_copy script.